Added the Automatic Prerendering lesson (#360)
zeit/next-site: www/pages/learn/excel/automatic-prerendering/index.mdx

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout';

export const meta = {

>   title: 'Automatic Pre-rendering',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: 'Automatic Prerendering',
```

  courseId: 'excel',
  lessonId: 'automatic-prerendering'
};

Before Next.js 9 we could only build our app in two ways, either with `next build` for dynamic pages (lambda bundles with SSR), or `next export` for static HTML files.

> But what happens if you need both static and dynamic pages? Since Next.js 9 `next build` comes with [Automatic pre-rendering](https://nextjs.org/docs#automatic-pre-rendering) which can decide the build output per page, allowing your app to leverage static files and lambdas in the same app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But what happens if you need both static and dynamic pages? Since Next.js 9 `next build` comes with [Automatic Prerendering](https://nextjs.org/docs#automatic-prerendering) which can decide the build output per page, allowing your app to leverage static files and lambdas in the same app.
```
